I wanna create a plan to check some basic assumptions around how the concept of rooms delivers. Warden's hazards and resources are created. A room tile is an actor with the most basic functionality. It should have the basic configuration elements that all other items have it should have the concept of affinities. It should have the concept of expressions. It should have the concept of motivations it should have the concept of vitals so should all of the other elements listed above they are all actors. They have the same base class so if I'm configuring a delver, I can add affinities affinity expressions, motivations I should be able to add those things to all of the listed items, but there are certain constraints that a room tile has, that Del doesn't have a room tile doesn't have the concept of health. It doesn't have the concept of manor. It doesn't have the concept of stamina, but it could have the concept of durability. It wouldn't have the concepts of region. A Dover and a warden are similar. They just work on opposite sides of the game. They can have all of the same configurations, including vitals and affinities. A hazard has constraints around what affinities it can have the number of affinities I can have it has constraints, and that it doesn't have the concept of health or stamina or durability. It does however, have the concept of mana. It has the concept of mana regeneration. A hazard also has a base motivation which is stationary, so hazards currently cannot move in the game. Moving onto resources a resource can be configured very much like Del or a warden they can have affinity and affinity stacks. They can have expressions they can have vitals. The difference is a resource is a consumable item meaning that a delver or a warden can take the attributes attached to that resource so if there's a +10 Health resource lying around in the dungeon and Del sees that they can step over on top of that resource and consume it one constraint that resources have that none of the other items have is the concept of permanent a resource can be a resource in that it's only available to the user for the level it could be a pure consumab like a health potion that gives you current health, but doesn't give you maximum health it could be a level affinity meaning that it will last you for the level or it could be a permanent affinity meaning that it is attached to permanently what I want is to check these base assumptions across the entire code to ensure that there sconces at the architectural level meaning that all of these things drive from actors and that instead of having different screens and configurations for each of these types, the card builder looks very much similar for all of these types, but enforces the rules that apply to each type
